Self Introduction of ○○○
 Growth Background
As a child, I always had high curiosity, challenging in many aspects of the world. My parents have always delivered warm support for whatever challenges I made. After completing exchange student program, I planned for travelling US. I looked for residents and transportations of regions from east to west; from San Francisco to LA, I wanted to see the coastal road, so I rented a car and drove myself. I lost direction many times, so it took 18 hours of traveling, and there were many difficult times during the travel, but I was able to realize many things that could be helpful in actual tasks. Through challenges, I realized that I can gain many things; I was able to remove fear towards new things, and even acquire self-confidence.
 Strengths and Weaknesses
A winner lives with responsibility, but a loser wastes life by wasting promises. My strength is that I constantly work with responsibility, to keep any promises in order to become a winner. I take care of things beforehand to make this real.
My motto is that “I am not yesterday’s person, and I will be the better tomorrow”. Since I have this obsession, I try to work harder tomorrow than today. It is my weakness that things that are not kept tend to stay in my mind for all day.
 Activities and Awards
During the time of exchange program, there was a time for team project. It was something I have never experienced before, so I had high expectations, but the reality was different. I was a mute and invisible person in the beginning. I started to lose self confidence, but I tried my best to be helpful in even slightest things, by asking to members about the meetings’ contents. At the end of the project, I made trials in front of roommate to correct any mistakes or pronunciations; after perfect preparation, I completed the presentation successfully. After the presentation, all of the members came to me and said “Good Job”, which turned every tension I had during the semester into achievements. After this experience, I realized that one could communicate with anyone if sincerity is there, and was able to acquire self-confidence and endurance.
 Social Activities
Once I worked in keyword sales in an online marketing company. Since I had to persuade people by phone calls, I heard many unpleasant words. After the first phone call, I thought this job is not mine. However, I promised to myself not to quit before making a successful contract. The first contract was made ten days after the promise. The first contract lasted only for three months, but I constantly called to ask about the effect of advertisement; as a result, I was able to extend the contract period.
After entering university, I started part-time job in a cafe. One thing unique about this cafe was that it sells everything from tea, alcohol, food and even cocktail. Due to its non-focused image, customers started to decrease. I suggested the owner to sell alcohols and “anything” as a part of menu, for customers who are thinking about appetizers. The owner trusted my opinions and accepted them. Afterwards, the sales started to increase.
 Reason of Apply and Future Aspiration
Best technology, perfect product and customer satisfaction are the most fundamental aspects in profits of company. However, efficient purchasing can bring a whole difference in profit. Hence, purchasing is more important than any other tasks, since it is a task that decreases cost and increases margin. I believe a person can express 200% of the potential if the person works in an organization with pride and realization of importance of the given tasks. Considering these, I was certain that I can express 200% of my talent in I Market Korea.
I have always thought that one learns affection in a live field, so I value experience more than theories, working hard to make challenges and experiences. I believe enlightenment and affection from successes and failures will be great help in my tasks. I will become Cinderella, who worked to enhance her value, instead of Snow White or the Sleeping Beauty.
 Self-Developments
Although my major is not commerce, I completed new employees’ practical commerce course that is held by Korea International Trade Association. (I completed Trade English, Commercial Marketing, Trade Contract, Custom/Tax refund, Trade Shipment, Marine Cargo Insurance, Exchange Practice, Electronic Commerce, Import/Export payment, FTA Country of Origin Practice, and Import/Export Simulation courses). 
 