Self Introduction of ○○○
  Reason of Apply
“A Company of Continuous Evolution”
000 largest growth force is in its continuous hit-products, such as 000 and 000, which comes from awareness of typical cliche. 000 employees work in fields, and as they work, they think repeatedly while trying to find an innovation of work method, which is an essence of success. I want to become a continuously evolving talent in 000, a company that provides motivation and enough deals to its employees. 
000 had to face great loss after its international launching to become the best, but the company improved from its mistakes and finally succeeded in becoming popular. I was deeply moved by the company’s speedy feedback on its failures. As the company has done so, I would like to advance to the world without fear of failing, and contribute my passion to the company in becoming a worldwide fashion essential brand. 

Future Aspiration
“I will make it into a world-best creative brand”
I was shocked at 000, which I coincidentally encountered in 0000. It inculcated 000 identity simply and strongly, and I became a regular customer of 000 through this. There is a saying “Marketing makes sales unnecessary, and branding makes marketing unnecessary”. I would like to make a unique brand kingdom, by putting my creativity based on designing experience, on 000 BI of “seeking high-quality with low price”. I will listen to the customers’ needs in order to do so. I want to concentrate on making a creative brand, based on the data accumulated in the marketing team of the company, which I gained as I went through supervisor and block leader. As I go through the process, I will always study and work hard, to prevent myself from falling behind. 

Related Experiences
“Market’s Second”
I was questioned about one of the professors’ saying, “End of design is sales”, so I decided to challenge on the field. I applied for a sales part time job in a 000, which over 70% of its customers is Japanese. I was not good at Japanese, but the manager liked my attitude of calling everyday to check the result. I started to study product-related Japanese first, and started sales towards Japanese by putting Japanese postpositional particles in front of English words. Within 00 months, I sold more than other employees in the market, and after eight months, 000% of total sales were achieved by me. I did not simply focus on sales, but participated also in installation of display and POP, and discussed about the flow of human traffic, since my major was directly related on the topics. I also got involved in stock checking, POS deadline, and exchange. The manager adjusted my hourly wage, and consequently, I received the highest hourly wage as a part time job in the company. After spending a year in 000, the manager called me, because they needed an experienced worker for opening a flagship store in 000 Hotel. I had two months of free time before my return on studying, so I participated in the market opening process. With the title of sub-manager, I was in charge of stock management, display, and education on inexperienced employees. The experience in 000, where many employees, including the director of headquarters, suggested me to join the company, was a very valuable experience in finding my talent. I also believe this experience will be a great help in becoming a manager CEO of 000. 

Growth Process
“Never stop self-development”
My father, who used to be a police superintendent, acquired real estate agent license in just three months, at his age of 00. His endless self-development process became the greatest value of my life. As I worked in 00 construction and 00 construction, I worked hard to develop myself by learning English after work and on weekends.

School Life
“Multiplayer”
Even though I had endless projects about interior design, I participated in photography and basketball clubs. In particular, as I worked as the president and the vice president, I worked hard for a successful opening of exhibition and basketball competition. Through the experiences, I realized that I must provide motives and specific approaches towards goals, as I grasp the team members’ talents. Also, through personal and group work in interior design, which was my major, I was able to receive a good mark (average design GPA: 4.0) and scholarship (5 times).

Social Experience
“Working in 000”
I went to 000 with working holiday visa, and decided to work in a local company, because I thought I must learn practical English in practical situations. I worked with people of various nationalities, and as I fought and laughed with them, I was able to grow a global mind and speaking ability. As a result of my perfect task management skill, the company suggested for the sponsorship of working visa. Through this experience, I learned that a challenge requires continuous self-development, hard effort, and dself-confidence. I learned that I can gain something larger when I look higher. 

Motto
“I ought to. Therefore I can.” ? I. Kant
The quote from Kant is my motto. I always setup a specific coal, and try my best to live with a never-giving up passion towards the goal. When I was working in a company, even though I was sick from enteritis, I proceeded on projects while receiving treatments. I sometimes suffered from facial paralysis due to overwork, but I was concerned more about the projects, because I always have passion in my heart

Perspective on Work
“The Railroad Man”
There is a Japanese film called “The Railroad Man”. The main character, who is a station master, quietly completes given tasks, even as he loses his child and wife. I was deeply moved, and was able to feel the Japanese Craftsmanship. I believe one must choose career based on not only the interest, but also with a mind of considering the career as one’s life. 





  
    


 