Self Introduction of ○○○
 I want to start my second life as I become a right person for the company. Especially, I want to be a strategic PR Planer being good at communication and relation business. I am sure that I will be a great member of company who has profession and genuineness of PR as communicator and gets trust and people from both colleagues and customers since I have well-trimmed service mind.
 First, I am a communicator having excellent communication ability at relation business
It was when I first took in charge of web work after my press PR accomplishment was highly admitted. Since suddenly former manager was substituted, taking over work process was not smooth; therefore, it was urgent to work web site renewal with new brand launching. First I persuaded cooperative company’s interested people with conducting tasks deviated from contracts. Moreover, I formed the first community in the corporation in order to assure good contents; I carried out the project feed-backing endlessly. Finally, to be evaluated, I founded College Student Community Monitoring Group and revised and fixed faults. Because of these, we could execute web renewal successfully, was rewarded Web Award Culture/Leisure Type Excellence-prize and Web Type Best Prize with 00 at Korea Digital Award, and accomplished first annual popularity of new brand launching over 80%. In addition, as results, cooperative companies received many contracts, and wall between departments is broken because of their communities. We, being a partner since rumors are well spread among marketing target college students, could WIN-WIN. It was personally valuable experience that I could acquire people and trust.
 Second, I am a PR person who always works delightfully and joyfully with fresh try. ‘Unfamiliar work’ is ‘throb’ for me because I like new and different work more than repeated work that is stagnant. Preparing Travel Photo Contest, UCC Event, I persuaded department chief with planning-documents prepared carefully, not with spontaneous ideas. Because of low budget through MPR,
I could get desire-accomplishment from budget problems being always ambush. Forming partnerships with Canon Korea, DCINSIDE, Tongro Image Stock, etc. with Marketing Business  Cooperation, I maintained great contents. In particular, PR Efficiency that quantifizes value-estimation of sales and contents was admitted as good accomplishment. Now, I am planning business ideation utilizing autolease business and golf course parking lot spaces.
 Third, I am a service leader who knows how to serve and obey others and dominate them. I have service mind through 2002 World-cup translation and hotel training. I carried out translation and reception with excellent records of international manner and service mind, telephone etiquette monitoring because of experiences of direct customer-facing at service site when German Siemens CEO visited. These woked well at PR team. Since I myself was pitiable to stay always in local news as press PR manager in charge, I invited leisure journalists to talkfest as I met with them one by one. In addition, I kept relationship with journalists of each media through pamtour, and undated to the best each quarterly press PR accomplishment by helping their field service at data preparation for interview; recently, as I execute 00 International Handball Competition, Seoul Snowjam Marketing Project, and work of sports stars’ PR, I realize my position is 1st person seeming as 2nd, not 2nd person through big events. 2nd person who actually is 1st. 2nd person leadership I have is not for a leadership demonstrated at 2nd place, but for becoming 1st person forever.
 Officers! If ruby ring’s possibility remains until ring, gemstone can develop endlessly from not only well- cut-trimmed ornaments but also from interior props to Jewelry sauna, over jewel value. Like gemstone of ruby, I have possibility that work well at the company and also have country representative zeal that does not draw me to future and mannerism. I will be a company’s icon facing only with trustful eyes and does not work with laziness.
 